#History 3907

##A short in why I am taking this class

<strong>I am taking this course to get a better understanding of the digital world</strong>. The digital world is always changing and there is always a different app or software that can help you achieve your goals. I'm hoping to get a better understanding in how to make my historical research, easier and much more organised. Another reason why this class intrigued me is history or knowledge in general has always seemed like it should be bought, and this course is trying to do the exact opposite, which is sharing the knowledge that you have in an 'open source' so that anyone in the world can use it. I think this can either be a dangerous yet effective way to do research because then any scholar or student can share their opinions to help you finish your piece. However as explained in class, this could also be a bag thing because this could show you why your piece doesn't work in the first place.

I don't have <del>much</del> a lot of digital experience, I always thought I was a tech savvy person. That was until I met Dr. Graham. The only real experience I've had with the digital world was making a Minecraft game with my group in Dr. Grahams previous class in the fall. Also I have used programs such as <a href="http://voyant-tools.org">Voyant</a> and <a href="http://slides.com">Slides</a> which Dr. Graham also introduced me to in a previous class taken with him as well. One that I most favour that Dr. Graham has introduced me to is <a href="http://evernote.com">Evernote</a> where I can throw in anything from pictures of my research to just jot notes, and the program helps you organize your data. From this class I hope to get a better understanding of open access and other programs that would be useful to my history degree or everyday life.

Just in case your reading this on my Github, here is my [online HQ](http://valdezhist3907.wordpress.com)
